Add `FinalFormNumberInput` and `NumberField` (#1938)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/nice-moose-clean.md

---

> "@comet/admin": major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@comet/admin": minor
```

That's not a breaking change

Reviewer 2: @juliawegmayr can you change this to `minor` please?

---

> Add `NumberField` as an optimised field for number inputs in FinalForms

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Add `FinalFormNumberInput` and `NumberField` as optimised fields for number inputs in FinalForms
```
